I am beginning this repository / documentation rather late into my homelabbing process, as much has already been done...

By this point, I have been actively homelabbing for about 4 month's time, not the worst!

Due to living with my parents, I operate under my own subnet and have to work with an extender rather than an administrative router. That said, I worked with what I have and configured my firewalls local to my devices.

My setup constitutes of many separate and integrated aspect, as well as a plethora of logical connections which use layers 1, 2, and 3 of the OSI model. Some of these include a semi-mesh network with Cat6 cabling schemes, 
hub-and-spoke/peer-to-peer wireless connections, an unmanaged network switch with PoE and link aggregation, HDDs, M.2. NVME SSDs, DDR4 and DDR5 RAM, mid-high end GPUs, USB hubs, and many peripherals.

I supplement my electronic end of my homelab with functional 3D prints for decor and functionality, bridging my tech together and creating new use cases and ways to integrate my network;
designing things such as phone stands via multiboards and sliding mini-shelves, fitted with structual supports and 3D-printed hooks for angle maintenance,

Functional eperimentation is also a huge thing for me, my mouse has many buttons for inputs, as does my Azeron Cyborg II keypad. I like to see how I can work with many options and innovate my playstyle and productivity.
It was during this process I had set binds for every buton on the devices, as well as building myself a functional Samba (SMB) file sharing server between my two personal computers, operating with my dual-boot 
Windows 11 and Ubuntu Linux desktop on the Linux end. I configured the subnet with static IPs, applied DNS configurations, and established 2 functional file share servers off of each drive for my Windows 11 laptop and dual-boot desktop
strictly through the Ubuntu bash terminal.

I had to do much maintenance, from helping my girlfriend reconfigure her Windows keys due to KMS fraud by the device retailer, helping in provisioning her a valid license key, and doing a deep scan to verify integrity of the computer. 
Beyond that, I've recovered my desktop Windows environment from bluescreen to more functional and fluid then ever via media creation tool, restoring lost media through backup failsafes, and booting from USBs as boot devices. 
After doing so, I managed to operate a debloating program and debloat my Windows environment. 

When it comes to troubleshooting, I have handled water damage recovery on a mouse PCB through meticulous handiwork, taken out the sensor and repaired it of grime and debris before re-seating it to restore it to like-new condition.
I have also configures SMB servers from both Linux and Windows operating systems, repairing damaged or improperly configured Samba configs along the way. I managed firewall configurations on both machines, learned how to assign names
to drive partitions for segmented file shares, and integrating my IoT via incorporating my smartphone to my LAN with a USB hub. Port management and ping tests, as well as in-depth IP and DNS configurations when subnetting and integrating
these systems was an enthralling experience on my day off from work!

That said, I will list my current setup specifications below and get back to college! That Security+ exam ain't gonna pass itself!

Specs are as follows:

Main PC (ROG Strix G713PI Laptop)
OS: Windows 11
Motherboard: ASUSTeK G713PI
GPU: NVIDIA RTX 4070 w/ 8GB VRAM
CPU: Ryzen 9 7945HX w/ Radeon Graphics @ 2.5 GHz
RAM: 16GB DDR5 SODIMM Micron 4800 MHz
SSD: [Internal] Micron 2400 1TB M.2. NVME
HDD: [External] Western Digital EasyStore 5TB Portable HDD
In-House Refresh Rate: 240 Hz
In-House Display Size: 17.3 Inches
In-House Display Resolution: 2560x1440

Secondary PC (Alienware Aurora R10 Desktop)
OS: Dual-Boot Windows 11 / Ubuntu Linux (500GB Partitions)
Motherboard:
GPU: NVIDIA GTX 1080Ti 
CPU: Ryzen 5 5600x
RAM: 32GB DDR4
SSD: 1TB
HDD: 1TB (2 500GB Partitions)

Main Mobile Phone (Samsung S23 Ultra)
OS: OneUI / Android
Motherboard: SM-S918U
GPU: Adreno 740
CPU: Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 2
RAM: 8GB LPDDR5X
SSD: 256GB NAND Flash
In-House Refresh Rate: 120 Hz
In-House Display Size: 6.8 Inches
In-House Display Resolution: 1440x3088

Supporting Monitor 1 (LG 24GN50WB)
Paired To: Laptop + Desktop
Dimensions: 24 Inches
Refresh Rate: 144 Hz
Resolution: 1920x1080

Supporting Monitor 2 (Toshiba)
Paired To: Desktop
Dimensions: 
Refresh Rate: 60 Hz
Resolution: 1280x720

