# This marks the start of my work log.
February 1st, 2026

As of now, I'm currently working at an AT&T Authorized Retailer as a Retail Sales Consultant for internet and mobility services.

I push to bridge the gap between closing a sale and gauging, as well as meeting, the needs of every customer that walks into the door. This holds true even when other coworkers pass up customers who are "asking for tech support" and
don't believe helping those customers will bring value to their sale. In my experience, helping a customer in any way I can to make the most of their tech and keeping them satisfied, paired with spreading technological awareness 
is the best way to keep them coming back for future sales.

There have been times in which I've brought my own, non-network operating IT to assist customers. Trade-ins are impossible without the ability to navigate the phone to clear off any personal information, but this can be a conflict when "any
condition trade-in deal" starts to have conditions of its own. I've brought portable monitors, USB hubs, a keyboard, and a mouse to assist customers navigate upgrades no matter their circumstance. These technological solutions can 
make sales that are otherwise impossible, now possible. With just a few simple solutions, the company makes more money, I make more money, and a customer leaves satisfied with the latest and greatest technology that meets their needs.

Can't navigate your system due to a display error? I can cover it with a few hardware plugs and now you don't have to dump hundreds of dollars into a phone screen repair just to trade it in again to qualify for that $1,000 dollar credit.
We can do it right here, right now, because thinking ahead and preparing solutions for seemingly "unsalvagable situations" can absolutely pave your path to success if you can "weaponize it" in a way that helps others.

Using tech in these unorthodox ways that no one else would be able to do if they didn't care for helping others is a fulfilling way for me to improve not just my sales, but my tech savviness with regards to navigating 
digital hardships and unfortunate circumstances in the event that one day the same might happen to me.

The tech in this sort of industry isnt just for us to sell, it's also for us to service with and to find creative solutions that can help everybody involved,

It would be terrible to miss out on deals everyone else can get just due to a hardware failure, and educating others and demonstrating to them that options are possible in a helpful way is an amazing means to mend that pain point.

I feel too many people neglect the divide that even simple quality of life tech can bridge, and IT awareness can be the exact foundation people need more of in an ever-complicating tech-oriented world!
